I have to make this Kabaddi I've taken
down wheat flour whole wheat flour add a
pinch of salt
this week plan has this wheat flour has
soya bean flour also into that 5 5 to
fire one proportion five paths V + n one
part
so having floor so having is very rich
in omega fatty acids it's good for that
much
is soft low so my finger is sipar they
are definitely soft not very form the
form too soft consistency clean it in
nicely to should be need then chapati
will be solved now leave it for 10
minutes for this anta so that nicely
gets constant my doll is ready for the
party now it is very smooth has become
very smooth and has divided
so if parts made of the dough for making
chapatis already the dough is prepared
we are going to make it on medium pain
this is iron pan good for health
I'm going to roll the chapati
when it starts taking again take some
dry atoms suit honest then continue to
do
my party's ruined Oh God
gasps Megan on medium flame
our digital this false sign has to be
only very cooked very little and then
turn the chapati
oh wait for it for the other side become
bored and now now you can see it is
become golden brown now you turn it
directly on the flame become ball on
this way rupee doesn't dryer